Add documentation for EKS (#178)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/getting_started/hopsworksai/guides/eks_ecr_integration.rst

                    "arn:aws:ecr:*:*:repository/*/filebeat",
                    "arn:aws:ecr:*:*:repository/*/sklearn"
                ]
            },
            {
                "Sid": "AllowGetAuthToken",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "ecr:GetAuthorizationToken",
                "Resource": "*"
            },
            {
                "Sid": "AllowDescirbeEKS",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "eks:DescribeCluster",
                "Resource": "arn:aws:eks:*:*:cluster/*"
            },
            {
                "Sid": "AllowFullAccessToS3Bucket",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "s3:*",
                "Resource": "*"
            }
        ]
    }

Step 3: Allow the instance profile to use your EKS cluster 
----------------------------------------------------------
You need to give the instance profile permissions to access your EKS cluster using the following kubectl command. For more details, check `Managing users or IAM roles for your cluster
<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/add-user-role.html>`_.

.. code-block:: bash 
    

>     kubectl edit configmap aws-auth -n kube-system

Reviewer: `KUBE_EDITOR=`

    uid: c794b2d8-9f10-443d-9072-c65d0f2eb552

Once you are done with editing the configmap, click ESC-X to save the updated config map.

.. code-block:: bash

    configmap/aws-auth edited

Step 4: Open Hopsworks required ports on your EKS cluster security group 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
You need to open Http (80) and Https (443) ports on the security group of your eks cluster.
First, you need to get the name of the security group of your eks cluster by using the following eksctl command.

.. code-block:: bash
    
    eksctl utils describe-stacks --region=us-east-2 --cluster=my-eks-cluster

Check the output for *eksctl-my-eks-cluster-cluster::ClusterSecurityGroupId* 

.. code-block:: bash

    ...
    {
      ExportName: "eksctl-my-eks-cluster-cluster::ClusterSecurityGroupId",
      OutputKey: "ClusterSecurityGroupId",
      OutputValue: "YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID"
    },
    ...

Once you get the security group id (YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID), you need to proceed to the AWS management console to open the required ports by clicking on the following link (make sure to replace YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID with the security group id):

> https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2/home?region=us-east-2#ModifyInboundSecurityGroupRules:securityGroupId=YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID

Reviewer: you can't click on the link if you need to modify it. I would point to `https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2/home?region=us-east-2#SecurityGroups:` and then instruct the user to select the security group and to click on `edit inbound rules`

.. _sg-edit-inbound-rules.png: ../../../_images/eks-sg-edit-inbound-rules.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-sg-edit-inbound-rules.png
    :alt: Edit inbound rules
    :target: `sg-edit-inbound-rules.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Add two rules for Http and Https as follows:

.. _sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png: ../../../_images/eks-sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png
    :alt: Edit inbound rules
    :target: `sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Click Save rules to save the updated rules to the security group.

Step 5: Create a hopsworks cluster with EKS and ECR support
-----------------------------------------------------------

In Hopsworks.ai, select *Create cluster*:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Choose the region of your EKS cluster, then click Next:

Reviewer: I would put the instruction above the image.

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Choose Enabled to enable the use Amazon EKS and ECR and add your EKS cluster name:

Reviewer: This refers to both the image above and bellow which is confusing. I would separate it in two part and put each part above the corresponding image

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-2.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-2.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-2.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-2.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Click Next, choose your SSH Key, click Next and choose the instance profile that you have created in Step 2:

Reviewer: We should probably change the order of the configuration to not have the ssh key in the middle of all of this.

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Click Next, choose the VPC of your EKS cluster:

Reviewer: Maybe add the vpc name format so that people know what to look for.

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Click Next, choose one of the subnets in the VPC:

Reviewer: I would say to select the first or add something to reassure people that it does not matter which one they choose.

    [ℹ]  nodegroup "my-nodes" has 2 node(s)
    [ℹ]  node "ip-192-168-21-142.us-east-2.compute.internal" is ready
    [ℹ]  node "ip-192-168-62-117.us-east-2.compute.internal" is ready
    [ℹ]  kubectl command should work with "/Users/maism/.kube/config", try 'kubectl get nodes'
    [✔]  EKS cluster "my-eks-cluster" in "us-east-2" region is ready

Once the cluster is created, eksctl will write the cluster credentials for the newly created cluster to your local kubeconfig file (~/.kube/config).
To test the cluster credentials, you can run the following command to get list of nodes in the cluster. 

.. code-block:: bash 
    
    kubectl get nodes 

Output:

.. code-block:: bash 

    NAME                                           STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
    ip-192-168-21-142.us-east-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>   2m35s   v1.17.9-eks-4c6976
    ip-192-168-62-117.us-east-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>   2m34s   v1.17.9-eks-4c6976

Step 2: Create an instance profile role on AWS
----------------------------------------------
You need to create an instance profile role to allow instances created by Hopsworks.ai to access EKS and ECR.

> Go to the Roles section of the IAM service in AWS management console by clicking `roles <https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/roles$new?step=type&roleType=aws&selectedService=EC2&selectedUseCase=EC2>`_. Click on *Next: Permissions*, *Next: Tags*, *Next: Review*, and then name your role and click *Create role*.

Reviewer 2: I think there is a logical step here which is not very obvious for the non-tech people. You already mention the steps to click next on Permissions, Tags etc but you don't say that you need to Click on `Create Role`, Select `AWS Service` and `EC2`.

If I don't click on your link I don't know what to do.

.. code-block:: bash 
    
    KUBE_EDITOR="vi" kubectl edit configmap aws-auth -n kube-system

Output:

.. code-block:: bash 

    # Please edit the object below. Lines beginning with a '#' will be ignored,
    # and an empty file will abort the edit. If an error occurs while saving this file will be
    # reopened with the relevant failures.
    #
    apiVersion: v1
    data:
    mapRoles: |
        - groups:
          - system:bootstrappers
          - system:nodes
          rolearn: arn:aws:iam::755182613526:role/eksctl-my-eks-cluster-nodegroup-m-NodeInstanceRole-FQ7L0HQI4NCC
          username: system:node:{{EC2PrivateDNSName}}
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
    creationTimestamp: "2020-08-24T07:42:31Z"
    name: aws-auth
    namespace: kube-system
    resourceVersion: "770"
    selfLink: /api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/configmaps/aws-auth
    uid: c794b2d8-9f10-443d-9072-c65d0f2eb552

> Follow the example below (lines 13-16) to add your role to *mapRoles* and assign *system:masters* group to your role. Make sure to replace 'YOUR ROLE RoleARN' with your role RoleARN before saving.

Reviewer 2: In the example below it's `YOUR INSTANCE PROFILE ARN` Also, can we make it more bold that it's the `Instance Profile ARN` and not the `Role ARN`

Reviewer 2: Ignore the comment above.

Just make the note below `Warning` I missed it, that's why I wrote the previous comment ;)

    # Please edit the object below. Lines beginning with a '#' will be ignored,
    # and an empty file will abort the edit. If an error occurs while saving this file will be
    # reopened with the relevant failures.
    #
    apiVersion: v1
    data:
    mapRoles: |
        - groups:
          - system:bootstrappers
          - system:nodes
          rolearn: arn:aws:iam::755182613526:role/eksctl-my-eks-cluster-nodegroup-m-NodeInstanceRole-FQ7L0HQI4NCC
          username: system:node:{{EC2PrivateDNSName}}
        - groups:
          - system:masters
          rolearn: <YOUR INSTANCE PROFILE ARN>
          username: hopsworks
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
    creationTimestamp: "2020-08-24T07:42:31Z"
    name: aws-auth
    namespace: kube-system
    resourceVersion: "770"
    selfLink: /api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/configmaps/aws-auth
    uid: c794b2d8-9f10-443d-9072-c65d0f2eb552

Once you are done with editing the configmap, save the updated config map.

.. code-block:: bash

    configmap/aws-auth edited

Step 4: Open Hopsworks required ports on your EKS cluster security group 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> You need to open the HTTP (80) and HTTPS (443) ports on the security group of your eks cluster.

Reviewer 2: Capitalize `eks`

> First, you need to get the name of the security group of your eks cluster by using the following eksctl command.

Reviewer 2: You need to say to change the cluster name in the command below

.. code-block:: bash
    
    eksctl utils describe-stacks --region=us-east-2 --cluster=my-eks-cluster | grep 'OutputKey: "ClusterSecurityGroupId"' -a1

Check the output for *OutputValue*, that will be the id of your eks security group.

.. code-block:: bash

    ExportName: "eksctl-my-eks-cluster-cluster::ClusterSecurityGroupId",
    OutputKey: "ClusterSecurityGroupId",
    OutputValue: "YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID"

> Once you get the security group id (YOUR_EKS_SECURITY_GROUP_ID), you need to proceed to the AWS management console by clicking `security groups <https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2/home?region=us-east-2#SecurityGroups:>`_. Filter security groups using the *Security Group ID* and then paste your eks security group id. Click on the *inbound rules* tab, then click on the *Edit inbound rules*, now you should arrive at the following screen.

Reviewer 2: Capitalize `eks`

.. _sg-edit-inbound-rules.png: ../../../_images/eks-sg-edit-inbound-rules.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-sg-edit-inbound-rules.png
    :alt: Edit inbound rules
    :target: `sg-edit-inbound-rules.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Add two rules for HTTP and HTTPS as follows:

.. _sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png: ../../../_images/eks-sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png
    :alt: Edit inbound rules
    :target: `sg-hopsworks-inbound-rules.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Click *Save rules* to save the updated rules to the security group.

> Step 5: Create a hopsworks cluster with EKS and ECR support

Reviewer 2: Capitalize first letter in `hopsworks`

-----------------------------------------------------------

In Hopsworks.ai, select *Create cluster*. Choose the region of your EKS cluster, then click Next:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Choose your preferred SSH key to use with the cluster, then click Next:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-0.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-0.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-0.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Choose Enabled to enable the use Amazon EKS and ECR:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-1.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Add your EKS cluster name and update your ECR account id if you want to use another account for ECR, then click Next:

Reviewer: I guess the `ECR account id` is what is called `AWS Account Id` in the picture? If it is the case we should use the same name in both places.

    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-2.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Choose the instance profile role that you have created in Step 2, then click Next:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-3.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Choose the VPC of your EKS cluster, then click Next:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-4.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

Choose any of the subnets in the VPC, then click Next:

.. _eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-5.png: ../../../_images/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-5.png
.. figure:: ../../../imgs/hopsworksai/eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-5.png
    :alt: Create Hopsworks cluster
    :target: `eks-hopsworks-create-cluster-5.png`_
    :align: center
    :figclass: align-center

> Choose the security group that you have updated in Step 4, then click Next:

Reviewer 2: EKS creates three Security Groups and step 4 is far behind especially if you follow the instructions for the first time. Can you say something like Select the Security Group in the form of `eks-cluster-sg-CLUSTER-NAME` and **NOT** the ones for `ControlPlaneSecurity` or `ClusterSharedNode`. Or something similar ;) It's easy to mess it up here

> Choose the securtiy group that you have updated its rules in Step 4, then click Next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the security group that you have updated in Step 4, then click Next:
```
or rephrase. `that you have updated its rules` does not sound right
